---
title: 'Privacy Notice: Jetstream2: Indiana University'
---

<main class="no-section-nav"><div class="content-top"><div class="section breadcrumbs"><div class="row"><div class="layout"><ul itemscope="itemscope" itemtype="http://schema.org/BreadcrumbList"><li itemprop="itemListElement" itemscope="itemscope" itemtype="http://schema.org/ListItem"><a href="../index.html" itemprop="item"><span itemprop="name">Home</span></a><meta content="1" itemprop="position"/></li><li class="current" itemprop="itemListElement" itemscope="itemscope" itemtype="http://schema.org/ListItem"><span itemprop="name">Privacy Notice</span><meta content="2" itemprop="position"/></li></ul></div></div></div><div class="section page-title bg-none"><div class="row"><div class="layout"><h1>Privacy Notice</h1></div></div></div></div><div id="main-content"><div class="collapsed bg-none section" id="content"><div class="row"><div class="layout"><div class="text"><p>Effective: 2021-10-15</p><h2>Applicability</h2><p>This privacy notice applies only to the Jetstream2 website (<a href="../index.html">https://jetstream-cloud.org/</a>) and explains our practices concerning the collection, use, and disclosure of visitor information. Visitor information collected by Jetstream2 will be used only as outlined in this privacy notice.</p><p>Other units at the university may collect and use visitor information in different ways. Therefore, visitors to other university websites should review the privacy notices for the particular sites they visit. Jetstream2 is not responsible for the content of other websites or for the privacy practices of websites outside the scope of this notice.</p><h2>Changes</h2><p>Because Internet technologies continue to evolve rapidly, Jetstream2 may make appropriate changes to this notice in the future. Any such changes will be consistent with our commitment to respecting visitor privacy, and will be clearly posted in a revised privacy notice.</p><h2>Collection and Use</h2><h3>Passive/Automatic Collection</h3><p>When you view pages on our site, the web server automatically collects certain technical information from your computer and about your connection.</p><p>This site is hosted on <a href="https://servicenow.iu.edu/kb?id=kb_article_view&amp;sysparm_article=KB0022395">IU Sitehosting</a>, a shared web&#8211;hosting environment provided by IU&#8217;s University Information Technology Services. For more information about privacy practices related to IU Sitehosting, read the <a href="https://servicenow.iu.edu/kb?id=kb_article_view&amp;sysparm_article=KB0024439">Webserve/IU Sitehosting Privacy Notice Supplement</a>.</p><p>Other than information collected by IU Sitehosting, our site/server does not collect any other technical information from your computer or about your connection.</p><p>Continued use of our website indicates consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of this information as described in this notice.</p><p>This technical information is not retained or utilized.</p><h3>Active/Manual/Voluntary Collection</h3><p>Other than automatically collected technical information about your visit (described above, or cookies, described below), we may ask you to provide information voluntarily, such as through forms or other manual input&#8212;in order to make products and services available to you, to maintain and manage our relationship with you, including providing associated services or to better understand and serve your needs. This information is generally retained as long as you continue to maintain a relationship with us. Your providing this information is wholly voluntary. However, not providing the requested information (or subsequently asking that the data be removed) may affect our ability to deliver the products or service for which the information is needed. Providing the requested information indicates your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of this information as described in this notice. Information we may actively collect could include:</p><ul><li>The email addresses of those who communicate with us via email</li><li>Name</li><li>Telephone number</li><li>Information volunteered by the visitor, such as preferences, survey information and/or site registrations</li></ul><h3>Information Usage</h3><p>This information is:</p><ul><li>Used for internal review and is then discarded</li></ul><h3>Information Sharing</h3><p>We do not share any aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with other entities or organizations.</p><p>We do not share any personally identifiable information with other entities or organizations, except when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website.</p><p>Except as described above, we will not share any information with any party for any reason.</p><p>Except as provided in the Disclosure of Information section below, we do not attempt to use the technical information discussed in this section to identify individual visitors.</p><h3>Cookies</h3><p>A <a href="https://epic.org/privacy/internet/cookies/">cookie</a> is a small data file that is written to your hard drive that contains information about your visit to a web page. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may configure your browser not to accept them at all, or to notify and require approval before accepting new cookies. Some web pages/sites may not function properly if the cookies are turned off, or you may have to provide the same information each time you visit those pages.</p><p>Our site does not use cookies to store information about your actions or choices on pages associated with our site.</p><h3>Children</h3><p>This site is not directed to children under 13 years of age, does not sell products or services intended for purchase by children, and does not knowingly collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13. We encourage parents and teachers to be involved in children's Internet explorations. It is particularly important for parents to guide their children when they are asked to provide personal information online.</p><h3>Use of Third Party Services</h3><p>This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (&#8220;Google&#8221;). Google Analytics uses cookies (described above) to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including possibly your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google.</p><p>For more information, please visit <a href="https://www.google.com/policies/privacy">Google&#8217;s Privacy Policy</a>.</p><h2>Security</h2><p>Due to the rapidly evolving nature of information technologies, no transmission of information over the internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. While Indiana University is committed to protecting user privacy, IU cannot guarantee the security of any information users transmit to university sites, and users do so at their own risk.</p><ul><li>Once we receive user information, we will use reasonable safeguards consistent with prevailing industry standards and commensurate with the sensitivity of the data being stored to maintain the security of that information on our systems.</li><li>We will comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding the privacy and security of user information.</li></ul><h2>Links to non-university sites</h2><p>Indiana University is not responsible for the availability, content, or privacy practices of non-university sites. Non-university sites are not bound by this site privacy notice policy and may or may not have their own privacy policies.</p><h2>Privacy Notice Changes</h2><p>From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.</p><p>We will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes, but only data collected from the time of the policy change forward will be used for these new purposes. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.</p><h2>Contact Information</h2><p>If you have questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us.</p><div><p>Jetstream2<br/>ATTN: Jetstream Admin<br/><span ery="absbyybj" uers="wfnqzva@vhchv.rqh">&#106;&#115;&#97;&#100;&#109;&#105;&#110;&#64;&#105;&#117;&#112;&#117;&#105;&#46;&#101;&#100;&#117;</span></p></div><p>If you feel that this site is not following its stated policy and communicating with the owner of this site does not resolve the matter, or if you have general questions or concerns about privacy or information technology policy at Indiana University, please contact the chief privacy officer through the University Information Policy Office, 812-855-UIPO, <a href="mailto:privacy@iu.edu">privacy@iu.edu</a>.</p></div></div><!-- /.layout --></div></div></div>
                                
          
    
                    
        
    
            
                    </main>
