---
title: 'Partners: About: Jetstream2: Indiana University'
---

<main><div class="content-top"><div class="section breadcrumbs"><div class="row"><div class="layout"><ul itemscope="itemscope" itemtype="http://schema.org/BreadcrumbList"><li itemprop="itemListElement" itemscope="itemscope" itemtype="http://schema.org/ListItem"><a href="../index.html" itemprop="item"><span itemprop="name">Home</span></a><meta content="1" itemprop="position"/></li><li itemprop="itemListElement" itemscope="itemscope" itemtype="http://schema.org/ListItem"><a href="index.html" itemprop="item"><span itemprop="name">About</span></a><meta content="2" itemprop="position"/></li><li class="current" itemprop="itemListElement" itemscope="itemscope" itemtype="http://schema.org/ListItem"><span itemprop="name">Partners</span><meta content="3" itemprop="position"/></li></ul></div></div></div><div class="section page-title bg-none"><div class="row"><div class="layout"><h1>Partners</h1></div></div></div></div><div id="main-content"><div class="collapsed bg-none section" id="content"><div class="row"><div class="layout"><div class="text"><h2>Infrastructure partners</h2><p>Jetstream2&#8217;s primary cloud is located in the Indiana University <a href="https://dcops.iu.edu/">Data Center</a> in Bloomington, Indiana. The regional clouds hosted by the following institutions:</p><ul><li><strong>Arizona State University</strong> is located in Tempe, AZ and has a significant research base and strong ties to industry and a number of minority serving institutions and tribal colleges in the southwest.</li><li><strong>Cornell University</strong> has many years of cloud experience managing research clouds and brings this experience to the Jetstream2 project.</li><li><strong>University of Hawai&#8217;i</strong> worked previously with the Jetstream1 project to bring cloud resources to researchers in EPSCoR jurisdictions. As a partner in Jetstream2 they are working to further expand this reach to other underserved institutions.</li><li><strong>University of Texas at Austin&#8217;s Texas Advanced Computing Center (TACC)</strong> was a partner site for Jetstream1 and continues this role with Jetstream2. They bring considerable experience with research computing in many forms and continue to provide this expertise with Jetstream2.</li></ul><p>Skilled experts at these institutions help ensure broad access to the flexible software environments, enhanced research reproducibility, and ease of use provided by Jetstream2&#8217;s cloud system.</p><p><strong>The University of Arizona</strong> hosts test and development facilities for CyVerse CACAO, which provides one of Jetstream2&#8217;s familiar web interfaces. The CACAO platform eases researchers&#8217; use and management of cloud resources through templates that leverage Ansible, Terraform and Kubernetes, greatly increasing the adoption of cloud computing orchestration.</p></div></div><!-- /.layout --></div></div><div class="collapsed bg-none section"><div class="row"><div class="layout"><div class="text"><h2>Management and operations partners</h2><p><strong>University Corporation for Atmospheric Research (UCAR)</strong>: Unidata, one of UCAR&#8217;s Community Programs, provides managerial guidance on serving the earth science community, one of Jetstream2&#8217;s growing research fields. Further, they will continue to advise on software and data sets for their community on the system. Unidata conducts outreach and education to benefit earth science students and researchers.</p><p><strong>Johns Hopkins University</strong>, in collaboration with a vibrant open-source community, is responsible for the Galaxy software framework and web-based science gateway. Jetstream2 will provide a massive increase in available computational resources, enabling faster analysis, new kinds of analysis, and increased support.</p><p><strong>Cornell University</strong> is responsible for training the broader community. The Cornell Virtual Workshop module for the original Jetstream system have been quite popular and allowed researchers and students to learn the system at their own pace. For Jetstream2, multiple Virtual Workshops are planned for various aspects of the cloud system.<br/><br/><strong>San Diego Supercomputing Center</strong> will provide consulting support for advanced workflows on Jetstream2 based on initial work done with XSEDE Extended Collaborative Support Services (ECSS) on Jetstream1. Additionally, through the <a href="https://www.cloudbank.org/" rel="noopener" target="_blank">CloudBank</a> project, commercial cloud resources will be made available as needed for Jetstream2 allocations that have need of such services. </p></div></div><!-- /.layout --></div></div><div class="collapsed bg-none section"><div class="row"><div class="layout"><div class="text"><h2>Vendor partners</h2><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Dell provided the hardware for Jetstream2, including primary cloud at Indiana University, and satellite clouds at Arizona State University, Cornell University, University of Hawai&#8217;i, and TACC.</span></p><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud will provide additional cloud resources in partnership with Jetstream2.</span></p></div></div><!-- /.layout --></div></div></div>
                                
          
    
                    
        
    
        <div class="section-nav show-for-large" id="section-nav"><div class="row"><nav itemscope="itemscope" itemtype="http://schema.org/SiteNavigationElement" aria-label="Section" data-parent-url="/about/index"><ul><li class=""><a href="https://jetstream-cloud.org/about/leadership.html" itemprop="url" class=""><span itemprop="name">Leadership</span></a></li><li class="current-trail current-parent"><a href="https://jetstream-cloud.org/about/partners.html" itemprop="url" class="current-trail current"><span itemprop="name">Partners</span></a></li></ul></nav></div></div>
    
                    </main>
