---
title: 'Acceptable use policy updates: Floating IPs and long-term shelved instances: News: News &amp; Events: Jetstream2: Indiana University'
---

<main><div class="content-top"><div class="section breadcrumbs"><div class="row"><div class="layout"><ul><li><a href="../../index.html">Home</a></li><li><a href="../index.html">News &amp; Events</a></li><li><a href="/news-events/js2-news/index">News</a></li><li class="current">Acceptable use policy updates: Floating IPs and long-term shelved instances</li></ul></div></div></div></div><div id="main-content"><div class="collapsed bg-none section" id="content"><div class="row"><div class="layout"><div class="detail-meta"><h1 class="no-margin h2" itemprop="headline">Acceptable use policy updates for November 1, 2024: Floating IPs and long-term shelved instances </h1><p class="meta" content="2024-10-23" itemprop="datePublished">Wednesday, October 23, 2024</p></div><!-- /.detail-meta --><div class="text"><p>Effective November 1, 2024, Jetstream2's acceptable use policy will be updated to reflect and enforce the following.</p><h3 id="ip-ipv4-floating-ip-policies"><strong>IP (IPv4 floating IP) policy for shelved instances</strong></h3><p><strong> Any floating, or public, IP number associated with an instance that has been shelved for 90 days or more is considered not in use and subject to reclamation.</strong></p><p>IP addresses are a finite resource. As long as the IP number is in regular use by instance, it may be retained.&#160;</p><p><span>Please also note that when shelving an instance in Exosphere, the floating IP is deleted immediately <em>by default</em>&#160;unless&#160;the user un-checks a prompt box specifying to keep the floating IP. </span></p><p><span>This updated policy only affects users who opt to keep the IP address when shelving, or those who use an interface other than Exosphere to shelve their instances.</span><span>&#160;</span></p><h3><strong>Shelved instance retention policy</strong></h3><p><strong>Instances that have been in a shelved state for over one year are considered abandoned and subject to deletion by system administrators. </strong></p><p><span>Instances, or virtual machines, continue to occupy resources even when in an inactive, shelved state. If an instance has not been unshelved in the last year, it is our assumption that it has been forgotten. </span></p><p><span>To help ensure resource availability for all users, these instances will be removed&#160;and any data stored on them will be lost. As a best practice to avoid instance and data deletion, be sure to review your instances on a regular basis and occasionally unshelve any you wish to keep but may not frequently use.</span></p><p><a class="button" href="https://docs.jetstream-cloud.org/general/policies/" rel="noopener" target="_blank"><span>Read the full Jetstream2 Acceptable Use policy</span></a></p><p><span>We appreciate your understanding and cooperation in ensuring that resources remain as available as possible for the Jetstream2 community.&#160;If you have any questions, please reach out to us at&#160;<a class="external" href="mailto:help@jetstream-cloud.org">help@jetstream-cloud.org</a>.</span></p></div></div><!-- /.layout --></div></div></div>
                                
          
    
                    
        
    
            
                    </main>
